
It's Quiet Uptown


                Eliza: There are moments that the words don?t reach
There is suffering too terrible to name.
You hold your child as tight as you can, and push away the unimaginable.
All the moments when you?re in so deep it feels easier to just swim down, then try to live with the unimaginable.

Chorus: The Hamilton?s move uptown, and try to live with the unimaginable.

Hamilton: When I was in the garden?I walked alone to the store. And it?s quiet uptown. I never liked the quiet before. I take the children to church on Sunday, the sign of the cross on the door. I pray, that never used to happen before.

Chorus: If you see him in the street, walking by himself, talking  to himself?have pity. 

Hamilton: Phillip you would like it uptown, it?s quiet uptown.

Chorus: He is working through the unimaginable.
Chorus (male): His hair has gone gray. He passes everyday, they say he walks the length of the city. 

Hamilton: You knock me out?I fall apart

Chorus: Can you imagine?

Hamilton: Look at where we are. Look at where we started. I know I don?t deserve you Eliza, but hear me out. That would be enough. If I could spare his life. If I could trade his life for mine?he?d be standing here right now, and you would smile, and that would be enough. I don?t pretend to know, the challenges we?re facing. I know there?s no replacing what we?ve lost, and you need time. But I?m not afraid, I know who I married. Just let me stay here by your side. That would be enough.

Chorus: If you see him in the street, walking by her side, talking by her side? have pity. 

Hamilton: Eliza do you like it uptown? It?s quiet uptown.

Chorus: He is trying to do the unimaginable. See them walking through the park, long after dark. Taking in the sights of the city.

Hamilton: Look around, look around Eliza.

Chorus: They are trying to do the unimaginable.

Angelica: There are moments that the words don?t reach. There?s a grace too powerful to name. We push away what we can never understand. We push away the unimaginable. They are standing in the garden, Alexander by Eliza?s side. She takes his hand? It?s quiet uptown.
Chorus: Forgiveness
Can you imagine?
Forgiveness.
Can you imagine?
If you see him in the street, walking by her side, talking  by her side?have pity. They are going through the unimaginable.


Last Update: February, 10th 2016
